#100: Writing error report fails when target directory does not exist (#105)
exasol/error-code-crawler-maven-plugin: doc/design.md

Needs: impl, itest, utest

## Create Target Directory if it does not exist

`dsn~create-target-directory~1`

> ECM should create project `target` directory if it does not exist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ECM should create project `target` directory if it does not exist.
```

> ECM error code report writer should create project `target` directory if it does not exist (see `ProjectReportWriter`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ECM error code report writer creates the project `target` directory if it does not exist (see `ProjectReportWriter`).
```

Reviewer 2: I love present tense for requirements - as it anticipates the implementation as if it was already done.
